Ethan Larbi
12/2/2022
CMSC-150


1. Before this class began I had no idea about how to create an image while using code. In Lab two I was allowed to draw
a picture of a face creating an arcade window with a height and width, which gave me the desired size frame that I wanted.
After that learned about calling arcade.draw, in order to create functions that will fit my desired
object that I want to create. With this arcade function, I was able to insert many things such as color, shapes, etc.
After much use with the arcade function, I was aware of how useful it was when creating images with Code.

2. Communicating with a fellow programmer is extremely important, because after my experience with my first coding class
I noticed that miscommunication with even the computer can be extremely crucial to the code you want to create. One thing
that I would mention to my fellow programmer is for ex: right beneath import arcade, you are to always call your constant
codes before continuing your programming. when you create new function such as COIN_COUNT = 50, that is supposed to be
right underneath import arcade and import random. This is important because later into the program you will have to
call the coin_count in order to add sound or create a function that will collect them. For example,(coin = arcade.Sprite
("coin_01.png", SPRITE_SCALING_COIN)) creates the image of the coins in your code. Without this function, you will have
an error if you try and run the code. In another perspective lets say a mother to a child is born, and the mother unfortunately
passes away. In this situation since the biological mother has passed away, the child cannot have or "call" anyone
their biological mother. This is the importance of calling your program.


3. I was able to test my code by constantly running it through python, and when it would not go through, I would read
the errors and attempt to correct them. Whenever there was an error with my code, Python had the ability to tell you what
you missed and that gave me a better perspective on how to tackle my coding problem. I am able to know that the data
returned is correct because at the right corner of the python screen, there is always a green check mark that
allows you to see if your code is valid or not.


4. The limitations of using  numerical methods is simply the fact that you can't use numbers to get everything you desire
when it comes to code. Let's say you want to create a coin collect in your code with about 100 coins. see in this case
without creating a function with letters and pure code, the number 100 would not be effective without code that goes along
with it. In a real life perspective, you cannot judge students solely on test scores because some people like myself, are
very hardworking when it comes to actual school work, but for some odd reason, testing just never works out. An individual
can be extremely wealthy and successful, but getting straight A's was never a thing for that person growing up.
